h1. Heimdallr

Front end for admin level UCLA (BOL) account management.

Son of Odin, brother to Baldr - SURPASSING BOTH!

h2. View Prototype

manually updated @ http://ucla.github.io/heimdallr/

note: parts are intended to be viewed at 1440px wide or higher, evergreen browser or IE10+.

h2. Dependencies

This contains custom elements from polymer and will pull in the custom elements from separate repos once they've matured.

Built from https://github.com/ucla/generator-polymer - the structure of this app is based upon what you'll find there, so that's a good place to start.

In order to build dependencies you'll need to install "Node + NPM":https://www.npmjs.com, "Bower":http://bower.io & "Bundler":http://bundler.io if you haven't already. The instructions assume you're running OS X or some flavour of Linux.

# Go to https://nodejs.org and download and run the Node installer for the operating system you're using (or use a package manager of your choice)
# Run @sudo npm install npm -g@ to make sure you're using the latest node package manager
# Install Bower with npm by running @npm install -g bower@
# Install Bundler (you may need to sudo) with @gem install bundler@
# Navigate to the directory you've cloned/downloaded this repository to
# Run @npm install@
# Run @bower install@
# Run @bundle install@

h2. Running the Site Locally

$ @grunt serve@ to view or just $ @grunt@ to build out @/dist@.

h2. TODO

* polish fail/success styles a bit
* JS behaviour for the manage affiliations
* style @<cove-overlay>@ inside @<password-check>@
